Yes Hello there a favorite soup series of sister previous cat of Marugotoi vegetables
I would like mites now introduce I wonder if the minestrone Neenee this and pot-au-feu of ripe tomatoes
I think it will be about a year ago because it is more than a dead road year ago, but still
I bought a box and drink it , but it looks like it's a real money
I've been around recently and I'm becoming a potoff now
The owner has found a mighty one
The 7th Seven Woodworking Furniture Axor 76
Tonji soup
I'm in a pig and this is yeah
Because it is a good dish for the body, pork radish, carrot, potato, deep-fried fried konnyaku green onion, rice bran
It is why say trying it to the
It's very delicious and it's really good with it.
260g There is a little volume There is only 200g where
It's 60 grams less than here a little more
Just as I this and this in it's easy to eat well
You know this and Ma we have that with a hole in the range
And it now is ready by Tej奈非 or always ne range Konoa digs in 2 minutes
Really reproduced until now
Has been Chin with you is by high range, such mean that the Heavy Rotation
Not a Fujicco of side dishes field pork miso soup
I went here to open the person who went to
Oh
Because it is after this true I've done it for 2 minutes now 3 minutes but I think I can do it for 2 and a half minutes
This is here
Really good a little bit Oh my God go Tsu blur
It is the amount
This is the only feeling like this I'm feeling like this
It is hokkaji and others It is Hokkaido
Hey you
Because this goes with rice again
Well a little
It's not classy, ​​but I 'm here even if I hit it with white rice
May I got addicted'm delicious key
Pong
The meeting general affairs sound is still working and it's delicious
I wonder Kana's's a home
Of course this kind of skin 's smell of kelp will bra
Such soup is so beautiful
Fujicco side dishes field equipment Plenty of 7 minutes
It was an introduction of knowing Mrs. Kouji Miho
I still scaffold is recommended is chewed is Fever recommended Baibai
Thank you for watching until the last channel registration was something in the still Already
Please join us by all means, and we hope to see you again